Add information about using the loaded NS event instead of the mounted hook for UI changes (#308)
nativescript-vue/nativescript-vue.org: content/docs/en/elements/components/page.md

</Page>
```

#### Using the `loaded` event for triggering UI changes

A typical scenario is performing UI changes after tha page is loaded. The recommended way to do it is by using the `loaded` event, triggered by NativeScript when the page is fully loaded:

```html
<Page @loaded="greet">
  <ActionBar title="My App" />
  <GridLayout>
    <Label text="My Content"/>
  </GridLayout>
</Page>
```

```js
export default {
  methods: {

>     greet () {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    greet() {
```

      alert('Hello!').then(() => {
        console.log('Dialog closed')
      })
    }
  }
}
```

> **NOTE**: For Vue developers with no much experience using NativeScript, it's common to approach this case by implementing the `mounted` Vue instance hook instead. This is a wrong approach if we want to change some UI, launch dialogs, or perform navigation, as the UI is not fully loaded yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: Developers coming from a web background would usually reach for the `mounted` lifecycle hook Vue provides, however in NativeScript the application, and certain elements might not yet be loaded when the `mounted` hook is executed, thus certain actions such as alerts, dialogs, navigation etc. are not possible inside the `mounted` hook. To work around this limitation, the `loaded` event may be used, which only fires after the application is ready. In this case, we are using the `loaded` event of the [`<Page>`](/en/docs/elements/components/page) element, but this event is available for all NativeScript elements.
```
